especially Belgian said she has bright
eyes alert ears a wagging tail she's a
great dog with a wonderful personality
but people usually notice that faith is
the fact that she only has two hind legs
and she walks upright like a human when
people see faith everything stops faith
has actually gained celebrity status
because she's the only - like a dog in
the world that we know of that walked by
PETA League I became face mom January
21st of 2003 my son's friend called
Ruben and asked him to come over and
help him retrieve some dead puppies
Riven noticed there was another dog he
reached under that dog and he found that
it's too dirty and we could tell she did
help and that is when I noticed that she
didn't have any legs in the front fake
again walking only after she began
hopping mean taught her how to hop using
peanut butter on an end of a spoon if
she was hot we'd let her have some of
the peanut butter and she had no idea
that she wasn't a normal dog after that
faith it's a part of our family
faith sleeps right beside me every night
every morning we wake up at 6 o'clock in
the morning to get ready to go to school
silly then coming to the breakfast table
to steal and treat for herself I'm a
professor of English and a high school
teacher and sometimes I take faith to
school with me the kids love her
students think that she's most
incredibly unique dog they've a pristine
after a hard day's work faith loves to
get the dog park and meet up with
someone for four-legged friends she
always puts a smile on my face when I
take faith for a walk he walked up
beside me everyone who sees faith they
can't take their eyes off her they have
to see more and she's fake you're such a
sweetheart I love you
faith is a very happy dog look at her
face look at that tongue wagging
she loves us and we love her and she
gives back more love I think that any
other dog I've ever owned faith may only
have two legs but she has a big heart
[Applause]
let those welcome children face to the
show
[Applause]
she's gorgeous
where did you find her well we didn't
actually find her my son's friends dog
had puppies and Ruben rescued her from
her own mother initially when you first
got into the nun bet yeah and a vet said
to you what well it wasn't so much so
what the vet was saying everybody else
was telling us to put her down and they
were saying there's no way that way you
can actually train her to walk upright
or to get off her chest and her her chin
and talk about that for a second because
if she can continue to just lay on her
chest and chin what would happen there
it would rub an abscess not much the
doctor did tell us with rubbing abscess
on her chin where she you know tries to
get up and on her chest this way begin
bipedal she's actually able to walk and
the number one question people ask -
what about her hips or her hips okay she
has been checked out in her hips - fine
okay so how did you teach her to do this
because this is not you know it's not
and I would have to say supernaturally
we prayed about it a lot and course we
did work with her but we actually taught
her to hop it was one of our other dogs
who taught her to run well you you
talked about how you did this in the
wintertime and in snow for a second it
had snowed and we knew that it was going
to be cold if we put the dog outside she
had a choice to make
she could freeze or she could hop also
use the snow economy we don't like to
tell people the story that we did use
actually a skateboard at one point and
she fell off a few too many times and so
we tried strapping it to her we tried
all kinds of different ways to show her
your movement show her what it meant to
move what the benefits of movement would
be so when we did put her up in the snow
and she'd have to stand up like a rabbit
we're able to get her to hop one time
and reward her up two times and reward
her and she realized hey if I hope I'm
gonna get rewarded catch them and then
what happened a hopping though
[Laughter]
because I'm a people wanted to hear her
story and I I know that to tell a story
you have to tell the story before the
story and the interesting so she's go
check things out so the the story itself
is about our family what we went through
just prior to getting faith in our lives
and it was it was tragic and there was a
divorce and there was a kidnapping and
there was some torture involved and so
we had to get through that before we
could actually train face to be a
natural dog or a normal dog after we
were a family again
we're presented with this gift our dog
and we had to use our faith we had to
use our community we had to use our
church we had use anyone who is willing
to help us ever seen and so what's the
name of the books we make sure people
who loves books go with a little faith
with a little faith it's in a bookstore
near you right now get up on amazon.com
get a copy of it thank you
we'll be back right after this
[Applause]
I went out in my pajamas barefoot